README.md, before:

# Arvato Financials
_Udacity Machine Learning Nanodegree Capstone Project_

### Project Overview
This consists of the following two project:

1. Arvato customer segmentation and comaprison with general population

    We used various data cleanup techniques, PCA to reduce dimensionality and KNN to finally do segmentation.

2. Make a model to preduct whether someone will be a good candidate for targeted campaign for the bank

    We used the previously done data cleanup techniques, PCA to reduce dimensionality and finally different machine learning algorithm so that we can get an optimal model.
    
    
### Project Structure
1. /src

    The jupyter notebook that has the code.
    
2. /metadata

    The metadata files (provided and created files to keep track of the data attributes etc). To be noted that no data has been published here, just the metadata files.    

3. ..

    Contains the above two directories and the project proposal & project report.

### Technical Overview

Step by step workflow from data exploration, processing to inference is approached in a structured fashion. We preprocess the data to get rid of unnecessary, undocumented, sparse and outlier data & implement Dimensionality Reduction and Clustering to identify clusters. 

Following concepts implemented and covered in detail in the notebook:

* Data Exploration & Cleaning
* Dimensionality Reduction
* Clustering
* Linear Regression
* XGBoost


### Requirements

All of the requirements are captured in requirements.txt. Run: pip install -r libraries.txt

Commit message:

Added link to Kaggle Competition Leaderboard.

README.md, after:

# Arvato Financials
_Udacity Machine Learning Nanodegree Capstone Project_

### Project Overview
This consists of the following two project:

1. Arvato customer segmentation and comaprison with general population

    We used various data cleanup techniques, PCA to reduce dimensionality and KNN to finally do segmentation.

2. Make a model to preduct whether someone will be a good candidate for targeted campaign for the bank

    We used the previously done data cleanup techniques, PCA to reduce dimensionality and finally different machine learning algorithm so that we can get an optimal model.
    
Online Submission of part 2 for Kaggle competition can be viewed [here](https://www.kaggle.com/c/udacity-arvato-identify-customers/leaderboard).
    
### Project Structure
1. /src

    The jupyter notebook that has the code.
    
2. /metadata

    The metadata files (provided and created files to keep track of the data attributes etc). To be noted that no data has been published here, just the metadata files.    

3. ..

    Contains the above two directories and the project proposal & project report.

### Technical Overview

Step by step workflow from data exploration, processing to inference is approached in a structured fashion. We preprocess the data to get rid of unnecessary, undocumented, sparse and outlier data & implement Dimensionality Reduction and Clustering to identify clusters. 

Following concepts implemented and covered in detail in the notebook:

* Data Exploration & Cleaning
* Dimensionality Reduction
* Clustering
* Linear Regression
* XGBoost


### Requirements

All of the requirements are captured in requirements.txt. Run: pip install -r libraries.txt
